What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
What's your favorite way to relax?
Do you prefer feature films or TV series?
If you were into collecting, what kind of things would you collect?
Do you prefer big parties or the ones where everyone knows each other?
What kind of people do you follow on social media?
Are you good at cooking?
Would you ever want to live in another country?
Do you like dancing?
Do you think it's okay to have bad habits?
How do you balance work and personal life?
Would you consider moving halfway across the world for someone you love?
Can life be fulfilling if you don't have anyone to share it with?
Would you learn a new language to break the language barrier with someone you love?
Would you follow your significant other if they got a big promotion at work?
What would your perfect date look like?
Are you a morning or evening person?
Are you into sports?
Do you ever go to any live show?
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Do you have any vacations planned?
Do you like board games or video games?
Do you like partying?
Do you prefer comedies or dramas?
Do you prefer new or old movies?
Do you prefer to visit people or have guests?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
How do you like to have fun?
How does a good day start for you?
How was your weekend?
How'd you feel if you couldn't use your smartphone for a year?
How's your day been so far?
If you could only celebrate one holiday, which one would it be?
If you could turn into an animal for a week – which one would you pick?
If you had the power to create one thing ideally, just as you imagined it, what would it be?
If you were a band leader – what kind of music do you play, and what's your band called?
Is there a phone app you need that doesn't exist?
So what came first, the chicken or the egg?
What do you do when you're not working?
What do you like the most about your job?
What do you usually do in your free time?
What food do you like the least?
What food do you like the most?
What makes you smile?
What type of music do you like?
What would you call your autobiography?
What would you do if you never had to work?
What's one spot that I should visit in the city you live in?
What's one thing you regularly do that you could easily give up forever?
What's the absolute worst piece of advice you've ever received?
What's the first thing you'd do after winning the lottery?
What's the highest number of times you hit the snooze button while trying to wake up?
What's the silliest thing you'd do if you had unlimited money and resources?
What's your favorite food?
What's your favorite time of the day?
When you're buying a new phone, how do you pick the one you like?
Are you a Windows person or Mac?
Do you prefer living in the countryside or a city?
What's the best way to deal with a breakup?